clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-write = allow
theme = Chester

shell-integration-features = true
copy-on-select = clipboard
focus-follows-mouse = true
link-url = true

font-family = Hack Nerd Font Mono
font-thicken = true
font-size = 13

adjust-cell-width = -5%
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false
cursor-invert-fg-bg = true
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

# macOS-specific settings
macos-titlebar-style = tabs
macos-option-as-alt = true

# window controls
confirm-close-surface = true
window-decoration = true
window-padding-x = 2
window-padding-y = 2
window-padding-balance = true
window-save-state = always

# auto update settings
auto-update = download
auto-update-channel = stable

# quick terminal (global keybinding) 
keybind = global:super+grave_accent=toggle_quick_terminal